'I'm going to give you a pizza'
'But there's one conditon'
'Only one person can eat pizza'
(The rule is that only the winner of rock-paper-scissors can eat pizza!)
LOOΠΔ : Rock, paper, scissors
(The winner is HaSeul!)
'HaSeul, will you eat alone?'
HeeJin : Don't mind me. You can eat alone.
(But there was a secret rule!)
'The winner of rock-paper-scissors can eat alone'
'If the winner wants to finish the game'
'But If she decides to play rock-paper-scissors with the director,'
'She will have two choices'
'If she wins, you all will eat pizza. But if she loses to director, there will be nothing'
HaSeul : HeeJin, do you want to eat?
(She's praying...)
HaSeul : Do you want to eat?
HaSeul : I want to eat pizza with our members!
(Yeah, she's such a true leader!)
HaSeul : My earrings fell out!
(Another curse of HaSeul??)
'You can win, HaSeul!'
HyunJin : Rock paper scissors!
(What's the result?)